Kipparon Kinless (MAIN CHR)

	Once upon a time, Kipparon, desperate for companionship and seeing how the Huntlord Sig Sorno was treated,
desired the same for himself. Unfortunately, he chose to vocalize said thoughts and doubley unfortunate, he was not
a very talented budding hunter.
	Since then, ridicule has become the norm to Kipparon, some of it harmless, some of it malicious, and all of
it damaging to his confidence. He has taken all of it with a smile and laughed it off, but his former dream of becoming
Huntlord has all but been given up, though not forgotten. When the story begins, Kipparon has settled for a (hopefully)
more manageable goal - joining the Hunt tribe and becoming a demon hunter.
	However, his lack of skills, weak spiritual presence and unsteady spirit all hold him back during the choosing, 
and he mostly ends up embarassing himself during the various trials. For the first time, Kipparon feels completely and 
utterly defeated - he had put so much effort into practicing and it all seemed to about to be for naught. He can feel his 
dreams slipping away from him - including the one he had all but given up on but secretely still desired - becoming Huntlord.
	However, in the final and probably most important trial of the choosing, Kipparon shows some spark. With every student
being required to fight of weak demon spirits trying to possess them, Kipparon does shockingly well, showing resilience. However,
resilience alone doesn't make a Demon Hunter, and Kipparon is not chosen by any of the Hunt tribe brances to join them. He is,
however, chosen by a branch to join them and train under their current medicine man, who is retiring soon. Jubilation quickly turns
to dissapointment when he learns this, but as Kipparon is pushed by the man to become a better medicing man, he quickly begins to see
value in his teaching. And he slowly begins to accept that this is his life now, and adopts a quiet melancholy about the situation.
	On the other end of the spectrum, the medicin man sees something in Kipparon. Not much, but something. He pushes him until 
Kipparon can't take it anymore and wants to quit, challenging him. He brings up how 'he rather liked the boy with the impossible
dream' before rather than the miserable, pathetic quitter he grew up to be. 
	The challenge set before Kipparon was to make a fire ken to the medicine man's satisfaction, and he would be allowed to travel
with him on hunts to help tend to the wounds of the branch. Before the medicine man called him out, Kipparon had struggled to even MAKE
a fire ken, let a lone one up to the medicine man's impossible standards. Not only that, but he hadn't seen the point in tempering his
spirit anymore if he wasn't going to be a warrior. After the man, in disgust, tells him that he'll never make it as a medicine man let 
alone warrior/demon hunter with his mentality and storms away, Kipparon is ready to fully quit. But one last parting line from the man -
"You can't just want something, you have to DECIDE to want something, and make that decision again and again every day" - ignites something
in Kipparon. He spends all night trying to perfect his fire Ken, and all the next day too. In fact, he stays there for an entire week solely
working at it. Finally, on the eigth day he does one - a pathetic one, but succeeds at it. He cries tears of happiness and decides, then and
there, that he will NEVER give up on his dreams again. And that he's going to become Huntlord, damn it.
	This change in focus steadies Kip's spirit, and while it is still weak, he can finally grow.


Arhan Stoutrider

	CHARACTER NOTE (EARLY STORY)
	
	At the beginning of the story, Arhan is our main POV. The chieftain of the Stoutrider tribe, Arhan has fulfilled the duty to the best of his ability
	since his mother and father died when he was a boy, with the help of his wise old friend. Nowadays, Arhan runs a well-regarded tribe, with well-tended
	lands, plenty of skilled hunters who contribute well to the Pile, lots of produce, enchanters and potions makers, including his young wife. Arhan genuinely
	enjoys overseeing the daily work of the Stoutrider tribe, and though he sometimes misses the Hunt, and goes when called upon/when he can, he much prefers the
	genuine joy of raising his three year old, spending time with his bonded and training the tribe young, including his bonded's niece, a sullen and prickly girl
	named Kasea.
	Whoops, got off track, lol. ANYWAY, Arhan in the opening of the story is attending his chiefly duties in preparation for the Gathering, like gathering food to
	his duties include connecting with Kasea when one of the tribes entourage's music can be heard in the distance. He tells her which tribe it is and explains 
	the meaning of their music. After a short but stilted conversation, (idk, I'll figure this rest out later)                                                                                                                                

	Arhan is a good natured, brave and gentle soul - a perfect example of this is that when he was younger, his father thought him weak due to his lack of success
hunting small game. This was not due to lack of skill, but rather Arhan's hesitance to kill cute critters like rabbits and the like - he couldn't bring himself
to do it. The only person that knows this secret is Arhan's young childhood friend. Eventually, when Arhan was old enough he hunted a bear instead, nearly getting
himself killed, but survived and dragged the carcass back. This has since morphed into a story about how Shai felt small game was too easy, so the first thing
he hunted was a bear. Ever since then Arhan has only hunted big game that can fight back.
	Arhan is very well liked among his contemporaries, viewed favorably by the last generation of warriors and viewed as one of the legendary figures by the younger
generation. This is due to Arhan's various contributions as a young kid during the three tribe war, and some notable contributions during the Demon God incident,
including killing one of its higher up followers famously. He shouldered a much bigger load and leadership role than what should have been expected of him 
during both incidents for various reasons.




